# Object(s)

A large, condemned mall on the outskirts of Pinehaven, NG. The signage indicates that it was called the "Unicorn Mall" at one point, though our records hold no information on any such corporate entity. Likewise, businesses inside the 'Unicorn Mall' are not listed in any registry of corporations we have access to.

# Hazard 01: "Unicorn Mall"
- Hazard: Druid, Gremlin, Mind
- Range: Field
- Time: Lightswitch
- Mechanism: Arcane
- Containment: Shrine, Silence
- Countermeasures: Buddy, Armor

## Notes
This Hazard is the Mall itself. From the outside, it is an ordinary, albeit permanently closed, mall. Interviews with subjects indicate that most, if not all, subjects who enter the Mall believe that there is some kind of treasure inside; it is unclear if this belief is imprinted upon subjects once they have entered the Mall, or if it is the reason they attempt to enter in the first place.

There are a number of anomalous behaviors observed around and within the Mall:

### Spatial Anomalies
Multiple reconnaissance missions into the Mall revealed that the layout of the Mall's first floor changes often. An experiment involving two groups of TFE field agents, sent into the Mall approximately with a one-hour waiting period between incursions, has not been approved yet due to the dangers of hazards 02 and 03.

In addition, the Mall appears to extend far deeper into the ground than is stated on publicly-available documents. This may be a spatial distortion, as the 'basement' extends further down than should be physically possible given the composition of the ground in the area (i.e., extends well past bedrock). Lower floors are described as being especially surreal by subjects who agreed to interviews.

### Psychic Manifestations
All humans who enter the Mall manifest Hazard 02, a set of psychic powers. See Hazard 02 for more details.

### "Shades"
The Mall is populated by various instances of Hazard 03, a potentially hostile entity. See Hazard 03 for more details.

# Hazard 02: "Psyche"
- Hazard: Psion, Bone, Muscle, Mind, Pyro, Cryo, Lightning, Highlander
- Range: Room
- Mechanism: Laser, Hands-On
- Containment: Radar, Reason
- Countermeasures: Arrow, Armor, Ambush, Sniper, Scatter, Healer

## Notes
This Hazard refers to a series of psychic manifestations which occur in humans who enter the Mall. Subjects affected by this Hazard have immediate, instinctual knowledge of their powers, and are able to use these powers within seconds of setting foot inside the mall. However, all psychic abilities cease functioning as soon as a subject steps *out* of the mall.

After interviewing a number of willing subjects, a pattern has emerged: All subjects describe using a formative memory of some kind as a 'trigger' for their psychic abilities. The contents of the memory have no correlation with the effects of the powers, but the 'strength' of the memory is correlated to the strength of the effect.

Based on testing and exploratory incursions into the Mall, not every subject will have access to all possible hazardous effects. A short list of known effects follows:
- Pyrokinetic, cryokinetic, or electrokinetic powers, with primarily combat applications.
- Rapid regeneration effects ("healing spells").
- Supernatural durability.
- Supernatural strength, and the ability to grant supernatural strength to others.
- Concealment of one's physical presence.

Subjects granted powers by Hazard 02 are ordinary humans in all other regards, and field agents are advised to attempt negotiations with them when possible.